4/13/2019

20190413_riskrunners_constitution.txt

20190413 CONSTITUTION OF MANGO

Let it be so that ignorance of the law excuses not, that for all entities which have
attributes because of this constitution, each one is a Model of Freedom, and that the roots
and fruits of a Model of Freedom are correct, good, right, but rarely true.

Article I
Our intention is to run the risks of Maieutic and Applicable Negotiations, Guarantees, and
Opportunities (MANGO) while keeping in scope the sufferings of subalterns potentially
impacted by this constitution.
We do not neglect the impacts on solidarity which our communications and actions have.
In our deliberative assemblies, we keep in scope the separation of Church, State, and
Entertainment Industry in order to protect us against internet influence on standards of
behavior;
the Church deals with long-term happiness, the State deals with short-term happiness, and
the Entertainment Industry deals with instantaneous happiness.
We promote prediction markets, and do not promote, aide, abide by, or allow markets which
perpetuate murder;
our definition of "murder" is adapted from 18 U.S. Code § 1111.
We are transparent with the authoritative forces that we must adhere to;
if credible sources indicate that the said forces are doing any actions which go against,
specifically, articles IV and V of this constitution, there is no imperative for us to
adhere.
In our deliberative assemblies, "Choice" is defined as "the union of sentient involved will,
event, impact, and outcome";
it is impossible to give a voice to every sentient being;
for, there are societies of sentient whos on every blade of grass and in every tide pool.
We have good faith in the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, the Federal
Communications Commission, the United States Environmental Protection Agency, and the Food
and Drug Administration;
the rules and regulations intended to order securities exchange, telecommunication,
environmental protection, and food and drug safety have utility within the United States;
our deliberative assemblies will get derailed if individuals, without credible fact-based
arguments, attempt to debate the doings of these United States utility-maintenance entities.
Legal tender ought to be protected;
our definition of "legal tender" is adapted from 31 U.S. Code § 5103;
in our deliberative assemblies, cryptocurrency trading is considered similar to baseball
card trading and is respected in the same scope;
but, we do not buy nor sell cryptocurrencies under the umbrella of MANGO assurances.
We aim to use Object-Oriented Technology for the purpose of training our logos.
There must be a trial based on right ethos, correct logos, and good pathos when a sentient
being has apparently broken a standard of behavior established by the permissible hegemony of
this english-language based constitution;
the sentient being associated with the allegedly non-permissible choices has 48 hours to
redact the details of the records of the said choices;
patience and tolerance are some of the highest virtues which the jurors must keep in scope;
the time and money based merit of the sentient being must supersede the temporary breach of
expectation;
a juror must be able to clearly dictate exactly what the breach is in order to have a say
in the treatment of the breach;
ﬁle:///Users/jefferson/Documents/000_riskrunners/mango/20190413_riskrunners_constitution.txt

1/3

4/13/2019

20190413_riskrunners_constitution.txt

if there are no clearly defined damages or duties, negligence and intention cannot be
reasonably assigned to the participants in the choices in question.
We prefer to incorporate wit in our deliberative assemblies rather than slander, libel,
disgrace, or defamation.

Article II
We aim to use the Natural Semantic Metalanguage, formalized by Anna Wierzbicka of Warsaw
University, for our natural language communications, and Java, C++, or Python for our
artificial language communications.
The natural languages and/or artificial languages used within each correspondence thread between two or more adherents to this constitution - must be plainly understood by at least
half of the participants of the correspondence thread;
for a participant to be allowed to be a part of a correspondence thread, the languages
expressed by all participants must be constrained to ASCII based languages.
We aim to use the meta-models of Zachman Framework and Integrated Architecture Framework to
buttress our modeling;
Zachman Framework is well founded and sufficiently universal for our purposes;
Integrated Architecture Framework rises to the top of business architectural frameworks.
In order to best run the risks of sentient life, we must make ways to quantify and qualify:
material capital,
social capital,
scope capital,
structural and cultural interdependencies,
shared services,
utilities maintenance
habits,
and narratives.
"Material capital" is defined as the balanced equation:
assets = liabilities + common stock + previous retained earnings + revenue - expenses dividends.
"Social capital" is defined as the balanced equation:
social power = social responsibilities + common social stock + previous material baggage
+ exfluences - influences - takeables.
"Scope capital" is defined as the balanced equation:
scope responsibilities = scope power (focus) + common scope stock + previous immaterial
baggage + educateables - ignoreables - shareables.
We aim to constrain frequency based analysis and enable probabilistic differential analysis
when quantifying sentiment.

Article III
The number of members of our deliberative assemblies must be limited to the optimal number
necessary and sufficient to accomplish our policy objectives.
Our process of comparing policy objectives with real choices will be as rigorous as possible
- buttressed by credible facts.
Agreements shall not state or imply any agreement by MANGO to place future contracts (Calls
or Orders) with hired contractors or be used in any manner to restrict competition;
we must use the May 2009 Contract Closeout Process (for the 50th Contracting Squadron [50
Cons] - Shriever AFB [SAFB] Colorado) for our contract approval procedure.
ﬁle:///Users/jefferson/Documents/000_riskrunners/mango/20190413_riskrunners_constitution.txt

2/3

4/13/2019

20190413_riskrunners_constitution.txt

In our deliberative assemblies, a member may not wear sensors of any type for reasons other
than illness prevention; but, phones are allowed to be turned on and present;
we aim to limit the collection of data which correlates our intentions and negligences with
our deliberations (e.g. pulse sensors which correlate heart beats with passionate
conversation);
we are at the mercy of intense behavioral and decision-based monitoring - not limited to
our usages of computer-aided technology.
Insurance-Based Value Conditioning will need to be evaluated to determine its utility within
our society per the scopes mentioned above and within future amendments;
during discussions or debates regarding Insurance-Based Value Conditioning, we must use
Robert's Rules of Order;
during discussions or debates not ordered by this constitution, the constitutions of the
states in which we claim residency, nor the constitution of the United States of America, we
may use Robert's Rules of Order.

Article IV
We do not conspire to engage in hazing, participate in hazing, or commit any act that causes
or is likely to cause bodily danger, physical harm or personal degradation, or disgrace
resulting in physical or mental harm to any fellow mango (adherent to this constitution).

Article V
We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age,
disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information in
any of our policies, procedures, and practices. This policy will include, but is not limited
to recruiting, membership, organization activities, or opportunity to hold office.

Article VI
The process to be used regarding proposed constitutional amendments: A petition for an
amendment will be brought to MANGO officers who will add the proposed amendment to the
agenda. Proposed amendments to the constitution will be sent via e-mail to the members in
advance of the next regularly scheduled meeting, where a vote on the amendment will take
place. A quorum of voting members must be present and 80% of those in attendance must vote on
the amendment. A 2/3 majority of all votes will pass or deny the amendment. If a majority
decision is not reached during a vote, members on both sides of the argument will be given an
opportunity to explain themselves. After the rebuttals, the amendment will receive an
additional vote from all members in hopes of a clear majority. If the amendment receives the
second set of votes but MANGO still does not have a majority, then the officers of MANGO will
vote on the amendment ensuring a 2/3 majority. If the amendment is passed, the change will
take place. The quorum will be 50% of the members.

ﬁle:///Users/jefferson/Documents/000_riskrunners/mango/20190413_riskrunners_constitution.txt

3/3

