Um. It is 2026. September 5th. At 848. So... I would like you to... write me... a... um... Well, 1st of all, I want I want this to be an HTML. That is in the appropriate theme, appropriate colors, appropriate themes. You know, it doesn't need to all be just text. Like, I mean, it does need to be obviously a lot of text, but it could be like, you know, diagrams, kind of things like, you know, layered diagrams or, you know, Ven diagrams, any sort of like diagrams. Um, to kind of show it as more of like economical or, you know, visual representations. Um, But what this is, is basically an important reference document for a book that I want to write later in life. Um, And I also want you to write a text file, just a simple text file, right? The LinkedIn post that I would associate with this document when I share this PDF. So I also want you to wheezy print the HDML into a PDF once it's done. But I also write like a LinkedIn post. So, what this is, is basically a book that I want to write. And But conceptually, Kind of in a modern era, like the markets are so saturated, that, like, I don't really want to take the time to write a book that I don't have to write. Like, I might write it later in life, but like for now, like markets are so saturated that I'm fine with just putting it on LinkedIn. I do want to share this though. Basically, it's using, I call it the 5 respects. Right? Respect, like the 5 respects. Um, And it's it's basically mapped from C.S. Lewis's The 4 Loves. Right? How there's like distinct types of love. Like, I don't remember all of them. I think it's like fraternal friendship, romantic agape. So, let me like lead up to what the 5 respects are, but let me like let lay some foundation that's important. And again, I want this to basically just be a long, like, HTML kind of document, like writing out these concepts. Um, But let me, like, let me, let me emphasize, like, basically the, The framework here. Okay? So like, Or like the core philosophy. Um, the core thesis is, Um, Well, let me, let me, let me, let me lay a premise, like, a question, right? But why? But why? You know? Like, that's like, that's the whole, like, like, tone that I'm trying to have is, but why? Like, really, but why? Like the curiosity should be an important tone of all this. And it's like, What I've noticed is that in life, we don't necessarily get transparency about our perceived developmental stage. And we have many accounts in our lives, many accounts that were balancing, not just financial, but like social and scope, like our understandings of the world and different skill sets and industries and like, you know, aspects of our economy and all these things that make it for a broader scope of understanding. And, and, and, like, literally academic, like, like platonic when it comes to philosophy and stuff, or as an example, or, like, um, you know, broader scopes of what it means to mature and gain broader understandings of society. And what it means to be true to your nature, right? That's a core point of this, is like being true to your nature. Um, but also like that radical idea of like love thy enemy. Like, both Marcus Aurelius and like Jesus emphasize, like, love your enemy. And that's like, it is a radically beautiful concept, not just a concept, but a behavior and a practice that is like very radical. And, like, I think that really, like, Jesus, like, was the epitome of, like, from 0 to one, that many of what I'm talking about is the one to many. It's very it's very difficult to go from. It almost impossible to go from 0 to one when it comes to love. Right? But the one, but the one to many, is like, Basically, like infinitely less growth or derivation from the 0 to one, which was like Jesus. And even, like, you look at, like, Marcus Aurelius in the meditations, and you're like, wow, he that's what makes his meditations even more amazing than he was able to hit so many of the, like, one to many, like, without the 0 to one. Like, he basically, him and his philosopher, you know, relationships and all and his life and everything, was amazing that he hit so many of the points. So, like, I'm just trying to point out one of their core, like, you know, I respect both of their the parables of Jesus and the teachings and also like Marcus Aurelia. So like, But that's like a little bit of the context and and again, like developmental stage. Like, this is a kind of course of the thesis. Like, we don't get transparency as to our developmental stage. So, like, the neighborhood watch, like people in the neighborhood watch in a neighborhood, for instance, they don't they don't go to gym and they go, Jim, like, they don't tell him, like, if you took care of your lawn, like, we would let you be a part of the neighborhood watch. Like you just, you're not showing pride of ownership. Where, like, all everyone's lawn is taken care of and gyms is not, and we don't necessarily have transparency as to why we're not including each other in the decision making. Right? Or like a child, you may not include a child into Like paying the taxes for your family, right? You may or may not include them in paying taxes, um, because you might perceive that they have a different developmental stage and a different scope. Like they can't handle that scope, right? Especially a child, right? And people understand that naturally, but as society has gotten so hyper communicative, with the internet and media and all that sort of thing. Like, we're getting to the point where, like, there's this matrix of educated, uneducated, uh, in group and out group. And for the people who think that they're in the in-group and educated, like, Basically, they think that every other part of the Matrix is in a different developmental stage. So public health is the best example where, like, Basically, um, You know, they say like, it's good that this message is true for, you know, our group or that group, but not for the group over there. So it's like they look like the in-group and educated of like public health. They point to, you know, the outgroup and the uneducated, as saying, like, it's good that they have a certain public health message, but not, but, and the other groups have a different public health message. So they basically are warping truth. But that's basically the fault. of human truth is us understanding what it means to have a child. And to realize that they're at a different developmental stage and need a different tone or message. And that's like, that is the fault of human truth, is we basically empathize with like, you know, parent, parents, especially who have gone through that growth and that 2nd puberty of basically having children. Both fathers and mothers, but especially mothers, they have that kind of toxic empathy of like thinking that the truth needs to be warped for, you know, basically people who are not in your, you know, basically your in-group and your education level. But again, this is across many different accounts. Right? So, but then then there's also this concept that's important. That's like a simple way of looking at it, right? Again, these could be some diagrams is like, Basically, like openness and agreeableness or just openness are... Basically, like, in the, in the matrix of like, 1st singular, 2nd singular, 3rd singular, 1st plural, 2nd plural, 3rd plural, in the sense of IU, you know, he, she, it, we, um, y'all and they. Like, if you're due to a diagram, you just use those words. In the Matrix. Openness is basically an arc that is like, on the top left of that matrix, the eye is like good. And it's like green and then the bottom right is like bad. And there's basically a gradient from green to red, and openness is where only a small portion of the bottom right of day are bad, and it kind of arcs, you know, such that like, you know, a little bit of y'all and some of Ihishi and it, but like mostly you, we, and I are good. Whereas like low openness is the arc on the inverse side where like even like portions of I and and and some of you and and some of we are are bad and then like pretty much he, she, it, y'all, and they are all bad. So there's kind of like an arc of like how, how open you are to like basically strangers. That's an important part of this because like throughout, you know, again, love thy enemy and also like what Odysseus, you know, in the new movie by Christopher Nolan, the Odyssey, like, they call it Zeus's law. And the idea of like, you know, basically Xeno or like Xenia is like entertaining a stranger and everything. And like, that's kind of the radical, again, like, kind of one to many, or maybe that's another 0 to one kind of thing. I don't know how to perceive that because, like, maybe that is what, like, is the 0 to one that Marcus Aurelius had because he didn't have Jesus. is the idea of like, you know, basically entertain the stranger. Maybe that leads to a lot of the complexities of like stoicism and everything is based on that 0 to one. I don't know. But here's like some of the core focus, like that's some of those core background on all this. So now, like we get to the thesis of the 5 respects, which is communicating a perception of developmental stage, creates a power dynamic that is not respectful. That's, like, in with age, you start to realize there is an underlying, like, respect that is to the reason why, like, We don't necessarily communicate how we perceive others' developmental stages of the various accounts of their life. And part of it comes with just age and wisdom, of being like, you know, it's not worth it or like, I don't want to try to be right. I'd rather be liked or whatever. All the, I don't know all the motivations behind it. But with age, you start to basically not try to take on every, you know, perceived lack of development. And like, there's a core idea here is, When you're getting flack, you're on the mark. Like people don't necessarily want to put the energy. They don't have enough energy to give, you know, to give energy to Um, To every person that they meet, right? So there is a core supplemental, like concept here. Again, to what I just said. Again, that has to do with like the tone of like, but why? But why? It has to do with like, The pursuit of happiness by John Locke's definition is the pursuit of that which you pursue. It was kind of circular. And like, so I like to ask the question, you know, what gets you into a state of pursuit? Right? And the 3 kind of core questions, like the feminine, you know, is like passion. And then, like, the masculine is solvency. having solvency, almost a reference like Jane Austen, you know, discussions of solvency. And then, like, sort of the middle ground is like balance. Both, you know, but all 3 of those are valid. Passion, solvency, and balance. What you might call being true to your nature, in all those respects, is like what gets people into a state of pursuit. And that's my emphasis of like actually getting into the development of a relationship with like, with other people, you know, has to be like, part of it is like play. Like people want, like, although we are playing more sophisticated games as we get older, like we we really are looking for people to play with. And sort of when you learn people's boundaries as they express their needs and their values, that expresses boundaries and you learn, you know, that how to communicate with people and everything, and you learn basically the foundations of like what they consider to be, you know, again, boundaries and values and express through values and needs. And that's kind of the core of like the language of their respect. So the reason why this book isn't really complete is because there also has to be a component, and you can infer some of these AI, like you can infer... The with, along with the 5 respects, has to be like, and I don't know how many there are, but the languages of respect. in that like, I don't really know how to isolate them into like a finite list, but like, again, some of the like needs and values that people express, there might be some common patterns between what what is like the language of respect. But like, and then it's not all the same for everyone. So that all being said, again, the thesis, communicating a perception of developmental stage creates a power dynamic that is not respectful. And that is part of the reason why, like, in life you won't necessarily get the people that you want to communicate, you know, their perception of your developmental stage. Well, this is kind of the core behind, like, improverbs, the, like, the 3 static kind of people, although we're dynamic people, we're not just static, but they're trying to emphasize, like, the whys, the foolish and the wicked. And like, the wise, you know, and they say that fear of God is like the root of like wisdom. And it's like, but seeking out understanding, right? The foolish have a loose attachment to understanding. Right? Whereas the wicked, literally, like, I don't know, I don't know, like the wicked or, like, Basically trying to Pose false KPI, false key performance indicators for their own strategic aims, to manipulate, to, you know, satisfy their own heart's desire. So, like, what, you know, ethically, like, what would we consider to be like good? in this is like, um, good in this context is basically like, in a more physical, literal sense, is like, basically pro-social and cooperative behavior. that is like that encourages transaction by maintaining morale. And, you know, part of that has to be a management of libido, such that, like, libido is sublimated into pro-social and cooperative behavior. Like that is like basically the good. It's that pro social component and pro communicate and like, but like a core like supplement to that is basically, Like the scope of understanding that independence is not maturity. Interdependence is maturity. But a core, like, A core kind of differentiator that like Marcus Aurelius and Jesus hold in common is emphasizing more of the independence part of interdependence, whereas a lot of societal signals and groups of people in society are going to emphasize the dependence part of interdependence, and the way they do that is they emphasize, you are not sufficient without them. You are not sufficient without the products or services that they sell. Such that they can extract value from you by getting you into a state of you know, basically consumption, anger, lust, um, out of basically fearing that you're not sufficient. And part of that is implemented with retailer-based, you know, in retailer spaces, like cultivating environments of basically, um, the sea desire, take, feedback loops, such that, and this kind of ties back to solvency on what we society considered to be what we desire. as a group, but like, Basically, then it encourages self-governance. And that self-governance by not, you know, lusting and and and then lunging on each other, that self-governance is established by what we call the sort of solidarity or the fabric of solidarity. And I ask again, like, but why? Like, why would there be play? why would we have to self-govern? Why would we have to, you know, basically keep ourselves from lunging and taking what we desire? And it's like, a big part of that, um, Self-governing, right? Like, it really is a, like, fabric, a material. There's some sort of material that is like, And it's like a honey. And like in war, right? Like in in peacetime, like that that honey is a certain viscosity that keeps you from breaking, you know, breaking basically social norms. And actually self-governing, but in like wartime, That solidarity is lost. That fabric that we hold and take for granted in peacetime. Is loss. Right? So, like, this is where, like, you know, this is where we start to interface with the core, you know, remaining parts of the philosophy of this book, which are how freedom is defined as choosing with whom you are in debt. Right? Like the book 5000 Years of Debt. Like, it talks about the scenario of like, a little old woman, little old women that live like miles away from each other, and when one would bring another a cup of sugar, uh, the other would walk miles back and and they would return a half cup of sugar and go, I guess I have to come back tomorrow. And like, If the other woman would have given a full cup of sugar and returned a full cup of sugar, the person would basically go, like, why do you not want to be in debt to me? Like, don't you want to have to walk back to me, even though it was like walking multiple miles? Like, this is what I mean by like, freedom is choosing with whom you are in debt. You know, who you are beholden to. Right? And So now we get into like a little bit of like kind of predicate calculus. which is like, You know, if necessity is the mother of invention, then responsibility is the father of accomplishment. Right? So, then the other core premise of my book, like, put options on loyalty, which is a huge, like, underlying, like, book before I want to write this one. Is the core premise that like optionality is by conditional with loyalty? Like, optionality and loyalty are not real without each other. If you have like all the loyalty in the world, but you have no options. Then, like, it's not real loyalty. It's like bending the knee to, you know, a king that never moves. Whereas, like, You know, if you have all the optionality in the world, then, and you can't commit, then that's that's basically not real optionality because it never can collapse. You're basically your prospect theory of, um, can never collapse into, like, basically a, you know, an established, like, something that people can depend upon and trust you with. So, Now we get to, like, finally, that, like, that that kind of, like, direction that we're aiming for. is, um, back to like passion, solvency, and balance. Like, that is basically what alleviates necessity. And just baseline survival. Right? And because we aim to survive with vitality, not just survival, like a key component of the vitality is how passion, solvency, and balance lead to having optionality, such that with that self-governance, like, there's sort of a balance of also self-imposing responsibility. Right? That's that freedom, being choose with being able to choose with whom you're in debt, when you're self-imposing responsibility, Well, you're basically choosing the responsibilities. That's how you get purpose. Right? That's how you get a lot of purpose, right? And I'd be remiss to not... bring out a little bit of like the masculine and the feminine, because as I as I emphasize, like, You know, the feminine answer to what stick gets you in a state of pursuit is passion. The masculine is solvency. And sort of the neutral is balance. Right? And again, being true to nature. So like basically with a long chain of conditionals, that gets you to purpose. But like the masculine critical component in relationship is, it's now, this is where we start to differentiate the 5 respects. Because, like, just starting with, let me, let me list them all out and then, you know, again, the masculine and the feminine, but start there. For the 1st 2 types of respect are man to man and man to woman. Those are 2 distinct flavors of respect. Now, again, like, man to man, like, there's a component of being a man that is rooted in basically the hunt, like needing to reward, your mind has to reward yourself to go hunt and basically, like, taking risk. Bumps up your dopamine and then when you actually successfully hunt, it throws in the solvents or the serotonin. That's a little bit biochemical, but the point is that a man needs to take risk. For him to be differentiated fully into manhood. Right? Not to get too biological about the different puberties that are getting disrupted nowadays. That's not my point. My point is that the feminine is slightly different, and I don't fully know it, but I know that it is different. It's not the same as taking on the risk. It's, and I'm not trying to be, you know, biologically correct here. I'm trying to point out that, like, there is something more natural about women, you know, men toiling in the dust for their for their daily bread, like in Genesis, whereas women like feel the pain of their children, both in childbirth and throughout their life. Where, like, a woman, like, is full feeling fully differentiated in a woman when she's, like, basically managing with the family resources, right? A man needs to take risks to appropriate resources into the household. And a woman needs to manage with those resources. And those are distinct roles in the household. They have to be distinct roles. And the appropriating of resources is very well fit to the man's. you know, nature and the managing with those resources in the household is very, you know, uniquely fit to a woman's, you know, nature. Now, another, like, sort of developmental stage and a rite of passage, if you will, is basically learning of the different dynamic of, you know, Basically man, like respect for woman, especially when it comes to copulation. Like a woman's, you know, desire to have her itch scratched and to be filled, is like inherently a different dynamic, right? And like, The, um, Basically, like, as Orion Teraban might say from the value of others, like, at the end of, like, sex, like, a woman is not gonna be saying, like, wow, you respected me so hard. Thank you. Like, she, the respect is inherently different. It's a different flavor, between man to man to man to woman and the copulation dynamic of what is actually desired and true to the nature of a man versus a woman in a, you know, heterosexual relationship, is inherently different, and that does wear upon, or like basically develop the scope of understanding of a man, that a woman wants a different kind of respect. And it kind of goes back to the Bible again of like, or at least I think it's the New Testament, that like, you know, there's like a, you know, prescriptive command of like, man, respect, or men, men love your women, love your wife, women respect your husband. It's inherently like, again, I'm not trying to start with that premise. I'm trying to kind of derive that premise from all this previous philosophy. Right? But that's just kind of a node or like a fruiting body from like this mycelium of like understanding. Okay, then we get into kind of like the other portions that I think are going to take longer for me to internalize, but like, um, Basically, now those are the 1st 2 man to man, man to woman. Then we have, you know, uh, man to animal. Which, in and of itself, is like, I don't know what to say about that. Like, man to animal, I think, is best captured by, um, I'd almost like to leave that as something to better understand later. Like, I'd almost like to leave this at the tail end of the paper of man to animal. Like I have yet to understand. I don't know. I have yet to understand the respect, but I know it is fundamentally different, right? Like, obviously, a farmer, with, like, a family such that the kids have the chores of, you know, Basically, um, getting the eggs and and and, like, tending to the animals. from the chickens and then like siring, you know, basically helping the cows like deliver and helping the animals deliver and like, I don't know, I'd like to talk to a farmer about like respect for animals because that dynamic of raising a pig in the household for so long such that then you take the kid, the pig to slaughter and then you eat the pig afterwards. Like, that level of like, Basically respect for animal. I don't understand. But I do have one story. is like, basically respecting what is true to their nature, and it has to do with my, my cousin, my 2nd cousin in Kentucky, and he had 2 dogs who, like, they basically live, like, they, they, they stayed outside. They were outside dogs in like at one acre in Kentucky and he would throw them food and meat. And when he took them in the car, in the truck, they'd both be on either side of the truck bed, and when they both went to one side, then he knew there was a turkey. They'd get out and go get the turkey and eat the turkey or kill the turkey and eat the turkey. And like these dogs were the happiest dogs I ever experienced because they were so true to their nature. Yeah, they lived outside. They had a full acre. They were living their purpose. So, like, obviously, dog is one example, but, like, I I think there's like a respect for animals that, like, you know, I've heard it said, like, from, like, indigenous people in Africa saying, like, kind of, like, the, like, the gazelle chooses when it wants to be eaten by the lion. That's what natives express. Zach Bush talked about this on Joe Rogan. Now, like an animal, like the natives understand, like, actually, like there's something about an animal that gets, like, a prey that ends up getting killed is that they somewhat chose, and we don't understand animal kingdom in the circle of life when we're saying that they're, like, the prey was the victim. That kind of thing gets revealed when you start to internalize even just a simple example, of like flies on the ground and a lizard. I was looking at this fly on the ground and I was like moving my hand by it and it was flying all around. And then all of a sudden, a lizard came up and walked right up to it, and the fly did not move. And the lizard just ate the fly. And for some reason, it was like adapted in, in the, in the delicate greens theorem, like circular predator prey model that, like, I don't know if it was chemicals being released or whatever, but, like, you know, those, like flies, like did not move when a lizard came up that was their predator to actually eat them. Whereas when I was moving my hand around the fly, it was flying all around. So, like, there is something very tangible. You can go experience right now and if you just watch a bunch of lizards eating, you know, crickets or whatever, the crickets, like, don't jump as much as when you, you know, as a, as a huge being, like, like fly them or, you know, so there's something, like, I think the manda animal, like respect, has something to do with, like, basically internalizing green, like, the predator prey model. of like, when there's more, you know, uh, more sharks, then there's less minnows, when there's less minnows, and there's less sharks, when there's less sharks, there's more minnows. When there's more minnows, there's more sharks. Like that intricate balance of what maintains an ecosystem in both like predator prey models, also like, I'd be remiss also to not mention like morale models, like active and passive, and the desire to continue to transact in like a peacetime, but in a wartime, it's the desire to fight if you're left alone on the battlefield. Right? Or in like, even in like STDs, like sexually transmitted diseases, like this is really important. This should be included in this paper that has to do with, like, the active partner and the passive partner in population, you know, sexually transmitted diseases usually pass to the passive partner. But if both roles, like basically both participants switch roles and become active and passive, then STD's propagating those communities. It's really important that you include this in the paper. And that's a morale model that the CDC, you know, you'd utilize to understand the spread of like AIDS and stuff like that. Really, my point, again, is like emphasizing that there's a delicate, intricate balance of the ecosystems and multidimensional and multivariant calculus. And if you really look at it, even like the oldest war that has ever existed is the balance of like bacteria and fungus. So, like, you know, even, like, if you look at, like, what would what would education be? Well, the example I give is like when kids go and to college and everything, when young adults go to college, like, and they are educating their bacteria and their biome, and then they go home and give grandma kisses. Like, maybe that's a part of, you know, the unseen, unspoken, unknown reasons why people are on the earth, such that, like, we might be driven by our biology and our biomes more than we might realize, there might be a deeper purpose or maybe, you know, mutually mutually beneficial purposes. You know, of basically educating each other, educating your lineage. So like, again, this kind of all comes out in this like interim part of man to animal that like respect level. And it's so complex. All you can really do is now go to the next type of respect, which is man to God. Right? And man, God respect. is like, The best way I can explain it is like, it is very conducive to like a modern, um, surveillance state kind of reality for somebody to have gone through generations of thinking that there's an objective eye washing everything they do. The fact of the matter is, it's, you know, either you're gonna have paranoia, or you're gonna be comfortable with having that objective eye, just because that objective eye is now actually substantiated by technology that's heavily monitoring our heart rates and our eye movement and our, like, biometrics and everything. and associating it with our intentions and our negligences and staking out the likelihood that we're going to pay back our debt or not. That's a callback to previously in the philosophy. And associating us with our other demographic overlaps, and, you know, even if we're not quote unquote, tracked on the grid, there's others that represent us demographically that are representing us. And as a whole, like, you know, So like, again, like, man to God is like, you know, a relationship that I'm a big believer in, like, the freedom of religion. So, like, how people come to that is, like, basically it's their, like, salvation is their own responsibility. Right? And like, I'm not, you know, although like out of the optionality, you know, I choose Christianity and stoicism in a way. But like, we're basically have the, we have the privilege nowadays to basically have, Um. To be able to Frankenstein together and and, you know, basically our understanding and our literature and be able to call from many different religious texts, many different epic poetries. Right? We have the privilege and the resources and the supply chains to get us these printed texts to read the word of old, to read the ancient word. And to hear and understand the currents that flow deep within human nature and societal nature and our access and our accessibility and our and the inclusivity to be a part of, you know, this in this cosmic mind of basically, you know, this is kind of a key point, is like, I, you know, there's there's basically macro synapses and micro synapses. in the cosmic mind, right? Of like of gods, you know, intricate design. And like one of them, for instance, is the Strait of Hormoose. That's like a macro synapse. So in the end, like, will that flow or will that kink up is a major decision point in like, you know, kind of like a, you know, The Silk Road being like a macro synapse and it was basically like respect for, you know, the complexity, the multidimensionality, and the intricacy down from a micro level to a macro level. Like the different scopes of like this intricate design of these kind of, you know, Fractals, if you will, of like, you know, design and and there's many different ways of slicing it. I'm not trying to influence basically people's religion, but like, um... There is like a core point in like the, you know, the Constitution that's like the 1st amendment is actually one. One is freedom of religion. of the First Amendment. One.2 is freedom of speech, one. 3 is freedom to assemble and error grievances. Right? Well, that freedom of religion, that key point is number one. One. one. is a core, you know, There is a order here, right? Like, the axiom of choice is by conditional with the well ordered set. That's another kind of core predicate calculus. That's critical here because Freedom religion comes first. then freedom of speech. Then with those 2 in place, then you can assemble and air grievances. there's developmental stages of groups of people, and the way I say it is they go from basically free play to instrumental play. to uh, deliberative, deliberative play. And, like, I want to start bleeding into, like, from freedom, like man to God to the last respect is man to authority. Because there is inherently Like, in Robert's rules of order, there's developed over time this concept of like the majority rules. And there should be orders such that, like, based on that core premise of majority rule, like, you know, basically deliberative assemblies, um, if they get to that point at having assembled and having the freedom to assemble, the question is, you know, will they error grievances? Like, but why? You know, the question is like, but why? The question is why would authority be incentivized to try to stop groups of people from, you know, assembling an error and grievances, which have a necessary precondition of freedom of religion and then freedom of speech. And, like, basically, why would then, like, authorities have the incentive to basically put, you know, blockers or create divisive symbols that keep people basically divided from actually assembling and interject or intercede when a freely, freely playing group is starting to get instrumental so that they never get deliberative. so that they never basically air grievances in a way that ends up being effective for society. Right? So again, but why? Why would, you know, England and like basically the king of England, why would he be influenced by St. Augustine to introduce Christianity into their kingdom? When it's basically incentivizing martyrdom from people who, you know, follow Christ and from people who, um, basically, you know, follow in the footsteps of thinking that we are sufficient. and that we don't necessarily need, that we're sovereign, that we don't need, you know, that God is within us and that like we are sufficient and that we don't need authority to have a relationship with God. So again, that respect, like the point here is the respect, like respect for God. Okay, let me go back for a second. Respect for God, like in my personal experience, is going to like a place like Yosemite. When I went to Yosemite, I had like not only fear, but awe, like fear and awe. Right? Fear and awe are a critical component for the respective God. and the respect of, like, the components of basically unknown forces. And again, respect for God, like, in the insurance industry, like, they've always had what they considered to be acts of God, like a tsunami or like a hurricane. So like, What I say is like, Although what used to be considered acts of God may no longer be, there will always be acts of God. As we, as, because it takes time and resources and sometimes too much time and too much resources to model what we consider to be random. Right? Like the flipping of a coin, if you slow down a video, you could create a machine that flips a coin the exact same way over and over again. Right? So, like, it's the same with, like, what we consider to be random is inherently just too expensive to model. Right? So that's like respect for like that there will always be, that's a critical part of like respecting God. There will always be considered acts of God, even as we flesh out a deeper understanding of being able to model like what is, you know, God's design. And then, like, Respect for authority is tightly intertwined in this, in that, like, you kind of have to, like, respect how, like, not that you have to, but, like, it is a different type of respect to look at, like, again, back to tie this back to the core thesis, and I want you to, basically ripple this 3 thesis throughout the book. But authority, especially, is not going to be communicated. their perception of your developmental stage within the accounts that they don't even profess, and they don't even make clear what accounts that they are keeping track of. And that does, out of self-governance and out of self-reflection, of basically the awesome ability for and the awesome enablement that government provides authority, such that they have a monopoly on violence, and that they legally can be violent. Right? And that self-governance creates this power dynamic, um, that inherently, if you basically self-governed and agreed upon the those constraints within any of the other relationships, man to man, man to woman, man to animal, man to God, if you agreed on any of those other relationships, then you wouldn't inherently respect like authority. Right? Now, Because, like, The one that the one, the caveat there, it has to do with the man to God. Like, people's relationship with God in the way that, like, if they have one or if they don't, They may not really respect the sovereignty. that God has. However, it's really, really possible to ascertain and to understand the pure sovereignty of God. And if you just go out into nature and experience the complexity of everything and see it from, you know, basically our ability to like perceive, you know, mathematical intricacies and physics and all that sort of stuff really touches upon our reward centers of awe and fear. Right? But like, then, again, like, but you, you, it's easy, it's a different kind of respect to respect that out of your relationship with God. However, like, to respect that same component of godliness in authority is inherently not natural. It's not natural to consider authority to be equivalent to God. You just you just don't do that. You know that these are fellow people that are made up of men, men, women, and animals. Right? Or like wise, foolish, and wicked. Whatever. Like people with like different developmental stages, basically following standards and protocols that have been established such that you might, you know, you have to respect them in a different way. Now, you have to. I'm just saying, like, it is inherently a different flavor of respect to respect authority than it is to respect God. But that's where I'd like to end, basically, and kind of wrap it up. you know, into a conclusion of like this, you know, basically this paper. And yeah, have the HTML be like, obviously, like, you know, you know, beautiful, and any of the sort of core predicate calculus should be kind of isolated into like a pretty print kind of, you know, design, ideally, any of the conditionals or whatever might use some kind of law tech kind of like, if then, you know, symbols and stuff like that, or by conditional symbols, whatever. And like any layered concepts that call for diagrams, you should include. Um, So, That would be... And just to wrap back from what I remember, like, The point was, to basically create an HML and make sure you can wheezy print. Um, a PDF and then, Um, you should write a text file with like a LinkedIn post and then we're probably gonna go through some iterations of this. So, you're probably gonna have to edit. Uh, you know, all 3 of these.
