So, you know, there's an age old, age old, comparison It used to be called Philosophy and sophistry. But, as software stream, we might call rhetoric, right? I'd rather call it that, right? Philosophy and rhetoric. And, like, But, like, what I say is, like, there is representation and presentation. Like when you represent something, it can be re-presented over and over again. And like representation needs to be prepared. She might call it representation. which I don't think is a word, representation. But, like, So, like, I also call it like foxes and faces. Right? Um, Or even like old money, new money. Right? Or West Coast, East Coast, or, um, you know, country versus city. Or, um, I don't know, basically, like, there's different, There's different, um, Distinctions between people that are not so politically defined. Right? Um, So... What I'm what I wanted to, like, talk about is, like, Basically, um, Like, I'm curious. I want, I don't know. Like how much, um, I don't know how much if, if we'll ever get to the point. Like, notebook LM is a proof of concept. a proof that you can put in a single link and generate all of this media from that link. Right? You can generate audio, you can generate video, you can generate a report and all that sort of stuff from that one link. Right? And, but like, Basically, like some people's creations that are publicly available online are like, you know, pictures on Instagram, which is like metaphorically a tricycle. You know, whereas like, You know, some people have, you know, a code repo with a lot of, you know, open source code, And that's like a dirt bike. And then, like, some people have generated, like, clouds of information, and those are, like, Dugattis. Right? But like, You know, I do think that my my repo, under the, under the link, Jefferson.cloud, is a Dugatti. Now, people don't have the time to sort through the entire web. Right? So, like, I do feel kind of a fragility when it comes to, when I realize, like, the vanity of generating, like, a Dugatti of a cloud, of publicly available information, let alone the liability of putting information about myself out there. So I dude, I do internalize the fragility of it. But like, you know, my faith has me focusing on Like, I was right about natural language processing. And I and I drew natural organic conclusions from creating natural language processing software, and implementing it in the insurance industry. and meditating deeply on the implications of, you know, the entrance industry. Wait, so let me go back a little bit. So back to like the representation of the presentation. is that another one, a paradox, is like the use versus mention. Right? So mentioning is different than using strings and so much of Our Like everything on the computer is just mentions. The computer doesn't use language. It mentions language, and we attribute meaning when we read, you know, basically, we're gonna read that content. So, like, I guess what I'm trying to emphasize is like, Um, how long is it gonna take? Is it gonna take 5 years for, uh, like notebook LM, when you put in a single link, it can only go so deep into that website, especially for publicly available, like tool like notebook LM. It is actually a free tool, and the paid version might go a little bit deeper. But like, at what point, how quick will it be? How when Moore's law and Krider's law get to the point where, like, you put in one link and it can derive the entire ontological Dugatti. of every single hyperlinked and interlinked, not only on the actual hard-coded links, but also the entire, uh, ontological webs of what you might call like tokens, but the, you know, all of the categorizations and presentations and representations and all of that, such that notebook LM becomes something that we type in one link, you have even like way more thorough content. Like currently it's amazing. It is like as a proof of concept, and having just came out or whatever, this tool is amazing. But that tool alone in 5 years, Especially with like computers being, you know, or like, like, what are the current kind of tricycle kind of uses nowadays in this, you know, in this lifestyle, in this basically metaphor of like comparing tricycles to dirt bikes to Dugattis. Right? I'm like trying to compare like basically bicycles or like 2 wheeled vehicles. And I'm showing like the orders are magnitude, right? Well, the tricycle stuff of people building their personal brand with like on social media with like pictures. Right? I mean, The, the kind of obvious point is like, oh, once you can convert, like, pictures into narrative from pictures, then, like, you can get an entire timeline from people's photos of all the events that they've done in their life. And, you know, insurance as governance would love to, you know, basically utilize that for, Um, for being able to understand like how much premium somebody should pay. Because the equation is premium equals rate times exposure. That was my line of study, since natural language processing, was looking at the behavioral economics and how they will be shaped. by LLMs and AI, and by artificial intelligence getting to the point that it can, you know, basically model behavior accurately and then influence behavior to be more modelable. But, you know, come off as being, you know, basically people thinking that they are choosing freely within their behaviors. But again, it still comes back to like the choices. in that, like, there is a feminine and masculine component to this. Which is like, What I say is like, men, like engineer hierarchies to, Basically, men. So let me start over. Like women choose to create hierarchies. Men work within those hierarchies to limit choice. Right? So, but so, like, back to, like, the engineering of these social medias, of these, you know, Instagram kind of tricycle, personal brand, like representations of oneself. So the Instagram is like, A, it, it is engineered by other people, like by meta, I guess. And the whole dynamic of what is engineered is limiting choice. Right? Limiting choices that can be made. But making it a, a, a, a, a, a satiable or a, like, an enticing enough user experience and providing enough, like, benefit, right? Anticipation of benefit, while you're using these tools, and, you know, engineering basically enough anticipation of benefit, that you keep using the tool. But the whole game is to limit choices down to, you know, a finite set of choices. And people who are not really educated and being able to recognize where a choice was limited, because they're not, you know, programmers, hackers, like, decoders or whatever. They're like, they're just utilizing what is available on the tool. And they're, you know, generating all this data about themselves, and yes, we have the privilege to, you know, self-defame and all that sort of stuff. Like we have the privilege to, you know, put our information out there and everything, and you might get social capital benefits by connecting people in your life and seeing what's going on in their life and everything. But again, like in the in the history, this is the brand new technology and in the in the long term history, like if we look at notebook LM, we're just at the infant stage of all this. I trying to look ahead. I'm not trying to judge any of these behaviors. I really am not. There's no need to. I'm looking at where this is going. This is the tricycle level. Notebook LM is a really good example of like how many links do you have to paste into an engine to basically generate the the digital twin of a person, you know, basically that that list of links. Right? Not everyone has a personal brand with, you know, link, but like, If somebody like, you could put somebody's handle on their social media and how much, how advanced will the notebook LM get in a commercially available, you know, product, like a curb commercially available tool. Right? Like, like we know that, you know, what's available in in, you know, tight circles, you know, in MIT, right? Like MIT technologists are probably some of the best and they probably have really legit tools, right? In universities. And some of the, you know, private, you know, people at Google, you know, probably have some really awesome tools that they they they don't necessarily just sell right away. Right? They don't want it. They want to hold onto it and leverage that tool. Like, it's the same thing as like the market adapts. Like if somebody has a trading algorithm on on Wall Street that's earning 23%, the market will adapt. And if they don't, if they don't change the algorithm slightly, it won't continue to earn 23% per year. It's the same thing with, Revealing technology. So it's very easy to assume that there is technology that's 5 years, 10 years ahead, but if what is available to write right now to us at the tip of the iceberg, Right, is like notebook LM, that inducted by using inductive reasoning, you can see that, holy crap, like, it's not just like, yeah, like Instagram is something that, is already indexed, meaning it's highly searchable. Right? And like, You know, I like this metaphor of like candy bars. Like, you know that Snickers has tried, has A and B tested every single combination of candy bar. They've tried it with marshmallow and with peanut butter and with toffee and with caramel. Like, it's obvious that they have AMB and tested every single one. But they will hold on to those candy bar secrets. of what has been A&B tested with user groups as being the best candy bar, until there is an optimum time, which might be an event, like, if an influencer starts getting famous for using marshmallows in food, or some health benefit comes out from, you know, toffee. Then that's the perfect time for Snickers to release. They're already prepared formula for toffee and Snickers. And the whole point is like, they're doing what you ought to do, is prepare the soil and seed before the rain comes so that you're bringing the rain. Right? Of course, all the candy bar companies have done this. So it's the same thing with like big tech companies. metaphorically. Now, what I'm trying to make a case for, And really, I'm trying to make a case for this, and try to, like, will, you know, speak it into being, is like, What I what I call it is I get your name.com. Get your name.com. Like get your domain that is your name. I encourage you to start right now in getting your name.com, and you can use other, you know, extensions. It's not just dot com. You could get dot life, you could get dot biz, you could go dot info. Well, I'm not trying to give advice. I'm trying to say that I value it and that I've been ahead of a lot of these things when it comes to knowing how, you know, the natural language processing works, right? It's kind of like getting your own hashtag. Get your own hashtag. You can own your own hashtag. Get yours that's your name, right? Because what is a hashtag? It's literally a number sign in front of a string, which makes it highly indexable. So it's a quick search. across all of that natural language. Right? And we're getting to the point where people's images on Instagram are gonna be able to be, you know, converted into text, converted into events. such that, you know, an insurance company, if you're, you know, for instance, um, signing up for health insurance and and you put on your health insurance form that you don't, you know, consume tobacco, but now that they can convert images into digital representations, right? Machine readable representations, like symbols and text, like they can quickly search from your handle of everything you've posted. Uh, and determine like if you're, if you lied on your insurance form, if you actually are seen in pictures smoking cigarettes or, you know, smoking cigars or something. But I want to more bring it. That is an important point, but I'm trying to bring it back to like, the major point of, um, I'm trying to bring it back to the major point of like, Basically, social media handles, like having a handle on social media is like a tricycle of what you potentially can engineer within your personal brand. Right? And then like, Yeah, maybe like WordPress, having a single WordPress website is like a dirt bike, right? With all your links and everything. But like, what is possible with Basically with AWS, Right? Like, it's not just, um, like, so the Dugatti in this situation is, I think, where I have evolved to with Jefferson.cloud. Right? Jefferson.cloud, if you look at a node graph, like there are graphs that show the IP, IP4 and IP6, and the evolution of IP4 and IP6. And the growing of all the nodes in IP4 and IP6. IPB 4 and IPB 6, right? The IP addresses. And like, you know, basically that growth of a, you know, IP address is like, you can interlink a cloud. It's why I, it's why I chose the domain.cloud. So anyway, so my cloud is like called Jefferson.cloud. And it's basically rounding out to be complete. And comparing like a handle on social media with Jefferson.cloud is like a tricycle to a Dugatti. And like, Nopak LM will get to the point where if you type in one link, if it really is hyperlink to all the other ones in your cloud, it will be able to traverse through every single sublink and tokenize all the language and generate an entire ontology. So like, yeah, basically people are gonna be left behind in the sense of that tricycle like Instagram. in terms of, you know, traversability and everything and potential, it, you know, is basically completely modelable with very simple technology to model the entire event line of that person's life and all the, you know, experiences they have that they shared. And it becomes completely modelable for insurance industry, and for basically anybody who wants to do diligence on that person's life. And it's, you know, painted in the in the pictures, but it, and the level of like, basically engineering, it, it, an Instagram is like a tricycle. If you ever seen DotCloud, he's like, you know, WordPress is like a bicycle or basically a dirt bike. And then Jefferson.Cloud is a Dugatti. And then what I'm trying to point out also is that if you take it further, If you take it further, you actually get to the point that if you own domain names, which you should, you should buy domain names, especially if they're on brand with your topic. Within a cloud computing like AWS or Google Cloud or Azure, Those are Jet planes. Those are jet planes. Those are like F 35 jets. in terms of, right, the same thing, right? If you just, by induction, if you look at a handle on, you know, Instagram, a handle. Right? Your brand on Instagram. And if then you go up the chain to what I call the dirt bike and then the Dugatti, what you can do in AWS and what people are actively doing right now in AWS is like a jet plane. With that handle, with that domain name. Right? With that name. Right? So with that with that personal brand, if you will. Now, that being said, like, there is still a masculine feminine component to all this, is like, the engineers can engineer the fricking jet plane all they want. Right? But in reality, You know, Women make the choices, men, Women make the choices to create hierarchies. Men work within those hierarchies to limit choices. Right? Like, A woman's palate wants, you know, she she likes the taste of spices. So men create, you know, spice trade logistics just to get, just to please the palate of a queen. Or the king creates, you know, so, like as much as, you know, somebody might be, you know, engineering a, um, You know, engineering a Dugatti or uh, even a jet plane. I mean, the reality of the matter is it's the James Brown song where he says, it's a man's world, but it doesn't mean nothing without a woman or a girl. Like, that's that's really what I'm coming back to is like, of course, it's vanity. Of course, like I get afraid about what Alexander Lohen, the psychiatrist, would talk about. when it comes to, you know, narcissism. And his book on narcissism and how like generating basically content for a personal brand is on the road to, you know, uh, a disassembled ident, uh, basically a dis, uh, dissociative kind of cycle, psyche and everything. Like, I do understand that. It's just like, there's a certain timing to things such that, like, You know, basically, Um, There's kind of motivations to Continue to create that are within me, uh, and not consume so much from other people's content. Right? I don't want to consume so much from other people's content. want to create. Right? I'm a creative type. I like to create, right? And I'm trying to make it as simple as possible so that it's just one link, Jefferson.cloud. And I'm kind of getting ahead of like looking at Notebook LM and looking at the point that in the future, um, Nobook LM will get to the, to the ability to, like, create entire ontological representations from, and obviously, you could put in multiple links, but the power of the brand will come down to the fewer links that it takes for somebody to share their Cloud, right? Or they're, like, their ontological representation. The fewer links that it takes, the better. Somebody only, and it's kind of like a business card. Practically, if you can give somebody a business card with one QR code on it, or one RFID, you know, scanner for their phone, it's not going to be that long from now where technology will get to the point. you know, that it can traverse the person's entire ontology and give someone, you know, using the mobile experience, a complete, like, green, yellow, red, green flag, yellow, red, flag, red flag. Unlike if they should continue to engage with that person. If it matches up the calculus of value between you and them, the overlapping calculus of value. Like, It, it, it, we will get to the point where AR glasses will be able to see people's faces, and in our private social medias, again, it will, it will look through our private social media, which might be informed by religion, might be informed by parents, or pedigree, family, you know, use, use the word pedigree. That's an important word. Um, Like, or our, you know, our party, right? Pedigree party. Um, that will basically utilize the information that's available, which might be facial recognition, or again, somebody's business card. And it will look at the overlapping calculus of value or context files, if you will, with our, you know, interdependent web of people. And it'll basically, as simple as this, give you a green, yellow, red, green flag, yellow, red flag, red flag. And obviously the per people are her providing these tools are going to have to, you're going to have to pay something. And if you're doing this process for free, you're probably going to have to pay with your attention. And your biometrics, like wearing a Fitbit, such that when you're looking at certain things, then your heart rate is measured so that the people know your emotional response to, um, their branding and their advertising. You know, like a, like a billboard, and you look at it and your glasses know that you are, and then your heart rate raises, and then that stock market price goes up for the intangible asset that we call it brand. So, You know, basically, That's the key point here. And again, like I'm working towards something, you know, not just, like, with Jefferson.cloud and the associative web, not just as a as an act of narcissism, or as an act of, like, presentation, or representation, I'm trying to make it easily ascertainable that I have been, here's the key fucking point. that I have been stewarding the very little that I have well, such that I other people can know that I can be trusted stewarding more. I think that's the core kind of point of all of this. It's why people have their tricycle Instagrams. It's why people have their word presses, right? In the end, there's are 2 things. People want to know if you're likely to pay back your debts, and how do you steward the very little that you have? How do you steward it and can you be trusted with stewarding more? Right? So you have to be prepared if to prepare the soil and seed before the rain comes, and this act of generating this web is anticipating, as I was very far ahead with natural language processing and seeing those things going, I have faith that if I stay on this, If I stay on this, uh, This, uh, thread that technology will meet me in the future, on this long path, right? God willing, that I actually survive. But like, you know, technology will meet me on that path. And just to reiterate, like, notebook LM. is a really, really good example and a validation by induction that, yes, like machines will be able to traverse your entire web from the very little information that it's needed. Like a face, picture of a face, or a link. QR code.
