So it's a 2026. July 26th. Um, at 1938. Uh... Those are gonna name Zach Bush. Who. Um... He's got this perfect concept. Of... The exes that existential dread... of... Uh... Being separated from nature. And, like, society being the result in the way that it is being this separation from nature. and the need for biological systems, and, you know, the possibility of returning to a state, where we could be more of like antennas, and more communicate with, you know, telepathy and be that Moses who can separate the Red Sea, and, you know, be these, you know, Beings that could do these amazing things. And I love it. I love the whole concept. He does put a sense of, again, that existential dread. But, Like, like, there's a very clear concept here, right? There's a very clear concept that arises out of this. And but it's been on my mind. Just this morning. And I think it ties in really well. So like, yeah, Zach Bush was on Joe Rogan. It is a good watch. It's a good watch to have. Good listen. I love it. His points are really solid. Um, And, you know, I actually commend, like, Joe Rogan for bringing him on because that guy was the perfect antidote to Joe Rogan's ridiculous, like, thread of thought of saying that human evolution is to create artificial intelligence, and that, like, universal high income, uh, would allow people to have the freedom to pursue whatever they want, where, you know, really, that would just make a candy bar $100 rather than being a dollar. Um, But that's not even the point. Like, he, he, he, I commend him for the courage to bring somebody on to directly dress, dress his, um, basically what he's been propagating for a while now. And. But there's a specific, like, Yeah, like I totally understand the idea that is a common theme. With, it's a common framework for solving, like, anytime somebody comes up with, Um, like, For instance, like, oh, antibiotics, they solve syphilis. And then a biologist will go, well, syphilis is just a symptom of a broader systemic issue. but not systemic in the sense of, Like, in the way that it's talked about nowadays in narratives, he means it literally in like, if syphilis ran through the aristocracy, they were separated from the soil, separated from grounding themselves, separated from, um, toil and soil, and, Also, like, you know, it's like the joke, the aristocrats, right? It's like the incestuous nature of their relationships. And if you look into morale models of conflict, the CDC does emphasize that kind of stuff. Let me root this in the core idea here that I'm trying to say. And it's abstract for sure. But it's my experience. uh, with uh, the God of Jacob, and, um, really practicing practicing postures. Um, and ultimately, you know, practicing worshiping the hearth fire of, you know, the biblical families. Um, and that, and, you know, the nice part about this kind of, beginning with the end in mind is the resolve that is brought to, um, the Bible with Jesus, the resolve that he brings, and, You know, I more like it, like, Think of it as like the song from like Willie Nelson, like, I thought about you, Lord. It's kind of the perfect encapsulation of like, that's the good man, right? Jesus is a good man of what he was propagating. And the relationship between a good father and their son, that unconditional love that comes from a good father and their son, is the best representation of like the, you know, mercy that God has. Uh, you know, the Abrahamic god. The mercy that he has. Um, on people missing the mark in their behaviors and all that sort of thing. So that's like the end in mind. But the point here that I have to say is, like, a little bit more physics based, but it has to do with, like, if you compare these 2 kind of, Like, okay, so if you think about it, like, physics wise, like, let's do a little thought experiment, okay? So, like, let's say the root level is, like, as, you know, as Zach Bush is saying that the tribe in the Amazon who have lived for 40,000 years without money, And it wasn't until They had high fructose corn syrup, apple juice, boxes, that then they started to become impoverished. Right? That that, like, in poverty comes from basically tasting high frustrous corn syrup is what he was saying. And, you know, it's kind of a, you know, sensational, Uh, you know, he's definitely, you know, using, he used a crucible on all of his understanding to extract out the gold and extract out the, you know, the key concept. And I don't have all the, you know, historical records, so I'm just I'm just assuming that that's true. Let's just start with that base assumption. So let's say, like, you taste, you know, apple juice, uh, of the high fructose corn syrup type, not like Martinelli's. And all of a sudden, like, If we consider, like, a body in the ether, like a, uh, uh, you know, a single orb. And, you know, that orb. Um, let's call it the soul. Uh, Basically, the moment that you've dislodged, you know, something else, a 2nd body, you know, basically a 2nd body from that 1st body. You know, and you and you basically separated it, it can no longer be directly, you know, staying on the ground, basically, staying on the ground of that 1st body. So the 1st body is the soul, 2nd body is... Let's call it the mind. And So now, There's this, there's this, the moment that the separation has happened, which has happened across all of civilization that I know of, you know, all of our society. Uh, in this model. We can't go back. And actually, once you break that, like, once you separate the two, um, Like, I'm not saying I shouldn't say you can't go back. Like anything's possible with God, but the point is that for all intents and purposes, like, we all internalize the need for money. Okay? And and and if we're assuming that drinking apple juice, like drinking high fructose corn syrup, apple juice, leads to you not being able to separate yourself from from the realization that you need money. And you can't go back other than by, you know, an act of God, across many, many, many people, um, you know, in a societal level. then Let's assume now they are separated. Now, here's my point. So, like, now that they're separated, there is this existential feeling, this existential dread that is rooted in the question that one asks themselves in a, you know, basically, uh, and they ask, um, They basically ask, like, Why can't I catch a break? Why, if only I could just catch a break? And they asked that question. They think to themselves, and they compare themselves with others, and they say, what, if only I could just catch a break? Why can't I just catch a break? Right? Now, There's a conservative force. light gravity that draws somebody to their soul. Draws the mind to the soul. And at rest, like, That question is the core question that leads somebody to fight, flight, or freeze. Basically, the 3 responses are fight, flight, or freeze. Right? Now, The gradient, as I've learned from my buddy Chris, the gradient, there's a gradient for, um, resistance, and there's a gradient for approach. When dealing with the new experiences in our life. And my buddy's talking about within his Constitution, he's trying to focalize on basically reducing the gradient of approach, not so much trying to reduce the gradient of resistance. Right? It's not to not resist. It is not to not approach. Right? And it was, you know, in tactics, like it goes, approach formation execution. Right? So, Okay, so if we have this kind of human nature response mechanism, and it goes, you know, Fight, flight or freeze. Well, what Christianity provides and what God provides in the sense of the God of Jacob, is really what he does in your life, if you experience and you like meditate on the suffering of Jesus and his relationship in society, and kind of like how, you know, our society leverages sound bites. Uh, that people, you know, invest into the internet. They leverage those to further their legitimacy. They have crawlers out there that are finding sound bites. And that's kind of like a modern day, like, making somebody go viral with by artificially boosting their content. Basically, um, Um, You know, that's kind of a good entryway into thinking about, like, what Jesus was for, like, his society. But there's many different entryways and there's a lot to meditate on it. But really a big part of what he's provided for me, basically, is reducing that gradient of the Feedback, the negative feedback loop of C desire take. Those states of being, if it was a Markov chain, or if you know the current state, you can know the next state. So if you see something, Right? That you then then transitions, what's the probability of it transitioning into desire? Right? Then what's the probability of that transitioning into take? Right? And we have these rituals of going out to nightlife at the bars and at the clubs, not really doing activities, but just and having bartenders that are, you know, dressed like bunnies. Uh, and people dressed in fashion, although when it comes to solvency, like, like in Jane Austen era, like, you know, basically, you know, clothing is fast fashion now. And rent is really expensive, whereas before, like rent was really cheap and clothing was very expensive. So like, it's more about showing like how much leisure type you have. It's like Bordeaux's distinction. The book by Bordeaux is distinction. Right? It's like, uh, showing like how much leisure time you have and that usually has to do with your physique and your tan and not as much of the fast fashion anymore. Whatever the different attraction levels in the end, like, we aim to express our taste as Emmanuel Kant's critique of judgment would say, and therefore, like, People are, you know, basically, their priorities are being disrupted by beauty in the critique of judgment. He talks about this. And. But really, like, questions like, you know, like songs like, you know, I would walk 500 miles, I would walk 500 more. That song is like actually quantifying how much her beauty, like, disrupted his priorities. That's a quantifiable expression of her beauty. That's a very beautiful person, regardless of what we might call a subjective experience of beauty, he is going to express his taste. That's human nature. Right? So, like, we express our taste with, like, you know, the pictures that we take and the videos and we post these things, and it really, it's kind of a twisted, flipped sense of investing your talents in the sense of, like, people are investing what, you know, basically what they've experienced online, hoping that, you know, they would catch a break. So to bring it back, the point is that they're trying to catch a break, they're trying to find a patron to patron their, you know, them to basically pick them up to determine that they, you know, can steward well with the little that they have so that they're trusted with more, right? Somebody may not ask, like, why do I not make more money? They're better off asking, why am I not trusted with more of our resources? Right? So anyway, this is like the mechanism, again, after the separation from nature, and the next essential dredge that is going like, why did nature reject me? Right? That's the feeling. It's like the Frankenstein or, you know, if you're prideful, you're thinking you're an Uber Mensch of like Nietzsche. And In the end, like, What? What Christianity has done for me. And I would say more, They, you know. The practice and postures of worship. And Specifically the Abrahamic religions, Although, you know, the, the, how duty and yoga is expressed in the Bagaba Gita is important, how, you know, fidelity and, um, Kind of pure faith is expressed in, in, uh, the Koran, and, you know, these are kind of the furthest that I've gone, let alone the philosophers and the stoics, of like not trying to control other people's perception, and those other people might be, what you call gods. Um, not even trying to control their perception, that basically fame, fortune, and power are neither good nor bad because they happen to good and bad people. Right? So, like all that being said, like what's very, what happens with like this, you know, basically the postures and the practice of this is like, and especially Christianity, in the, in, I, you know, whatever, where I'm at in like America, a big part of it, and basically by God's blessing and, you know, the God of Jacob, like, What he does is reduces that probability of when you see that it, it, it actually transitions into desire and then reduces the probability that that transitions into like taking. Right? And I know that there's like kind of flipped, you know, self-imposed regulation, self-imposed governance that comes from, you know, our rituals of going to the bars and like drinking and having to go to retailers to spend time with other people, right? To basically encourage, like, you know, consumer behavior, to actually engage with other people, right? But the point that I'm trying to lead to is like, That conservative force back to nature, that any sort of delta between your mind and your soul. Any sort of delta, you have this, you know, conservative force that is pulling you towards your soul that back to your soul that basically has the, you know, the question of why can I catch a break? Right? But what happens is that conservative force isn't so strong. It isn't such a strong force. It like lighter gravity. If that sea desired take gradient, right? But and also balanced with like the approach gradient is like lessened, the, you know, basically the gradient. Uh, and what really is the result of what I'm trying to say is that you start to have appreciation and faith be, the, the, basically what, What kind of makes the separation of the mind and the soul tolerable? Right? It becomes tolerable. Because, um, I don't know why. It's a mystery. I'm not saying that I know the mystery. I'm just expressing like some different, you know, artistic, uh, This is just an artistic expression to talk about like, Um, You know, I think prudence has to be kept in mind, right? I like what he was talking about, but that Egyptian guy, his 1st name was Ibrahim, who was talking about injecting Egyptian, like indigenous characters into, like, hieroglyphics into 5G, and that those symbols can actually propagate, like, waves that, like, actually kind of, uh, articulate within the environment. And what I want to wrap up with saying on this is that, like, This is 100% possible. Like 100% possible, the probability that it can actually remedy things, I don't know. I gave it a 25%. Okay? I gave it a 26.3% that it can actually remedy things. And that has to do with my intuition from having created lingualint.com. L-I-N-G-U-A-L-I-N-T dot com. And basically my study and my implementation of natural language processing, such that it, uh, basically pre-processes and extracts, like semantic, it applies to semantic algebra to, um, You know, basically languages, language, and it can work in 26 different languages. And the mission of lingual land is to preserve indigenous languages because, you know, Basically, those are concepts and subjects and phenomenology that are needed to be preserved. Uh, and can only really be preserved if, um, It's kind of built into, well, to see, the approach that I was taking with that was going to, um, schema.org. and Making a case with schema.org for there to be semantic primes and indigenous languages automatically, Um, Basically, uh, a linter could be dropped down with what you're expressing. Uh, such that, um, when you express, uh, a concept or a subject or a phenomenology, uh, You have the option of choosing the indigenous language. expression, and that it becomes normalized in society for, uh, I think the money maker behind it that could really affect it, make this happen would be consumer package goods companies using, um, You know, if they have like a drink like lavender, cucumber, blueberry, water, and the blueberries, like, are at a certain stage of the life cycle of blueberries. That's the optimum stage to use those blueberries in your in your consumer package good drink. Then, like, they could choose to use the brand name to incorporate the indigenous language for that blueberry, that that indigenous tribe who grew up around blueberries could basically integrate that indigenous language for that stage of the lifecycle of the blueberry, you know, maybe like a kind of like with green with tea, right? Tea has different names. Green, red, yellow, black. based on the life cycle of the tea, maybe in curation or whatever, right? Like the good Lord provides fermentation such that even, you know, spoiled food can continue to live on as a spirit. So I'm just trying to point out like, we've still got this, guys. Like, even though, like, Zach Bush kind of exploded the whole freaking system. I made it and made that existential dread continue to be reminded, right? The point is that like appreciation and faith is what, you know, of all of what I was saying about these specific religions or these specific gods or whatever, the god of Jacob, my point is more just like appreciation and faith and the postures and the effort to like try to rewire your mind to start to be able to have appreciation and faith on a more regular basis. Different people from different parts of the world are gonna need different symbols and cultural practices and like networks of people to rewire, to have appreciation and faith, but it is appreciation and faith that actually reduces that gradient so that it's that separation of the mind and the soul is not such a strong force. such that when the question arises of, can I catch a break, right, which is what partly drives, you know, young people into wanting to be influencers and stuff like that. And kind of like trying to be sensational online and stuff. Um, You know, when that question arises that is like, can I catch break? Like, it's not such a strong force from the mind and the soul. You can comfortably and restfully, like, come back to the soul and get closer to the soul without it dismantling and resulting in, you know, uh, freeze or flight. Right? Fight is what I'm trying to emphasize is like, you know, keeping morale up. Right? And like, as I mentioned with the CDC, like knows plenty about the morale model and the propagation of those biotics. Let's call them biotics that stay alive in our systems. basically because of the actives and the passives, uh, But what we can guarantee is that no one is statically inactive, either an active or a passive. And that's not static thing. Right? People can become um, people can be maintained as being active. Right? So what I what I'm gonna do is include a couple code repos. One of them is something called Mangolint. is my tool for giving a proof of concept for, um, basically using an LLM to translate ingredients into indigenous languages. And then I'll include the morale model in terms of, rather than like redistribution of wealth and everything, setting up, you know, proper boundaries. Um, such that people continue to transact. Right? And, uh, And then make sure... You mentioned, uh... lingualint.com. So, basically, Write this up into a... Write this up into an HDML document. I do want you to reference the different artistic references. But I basically want it to be a white paper. And the HTML should have. Uh. You know, be visually appealing, a visually appealing document. Um. But, Um... Yeah, just write them up into an HTML document. And Uh, my target audience is Chris. Smith. Uh, his name Chris Smith, and it's from me. Jefferson Richards. And... Yeah.
